## Dread Log 1: Under a Steel Sky ##

### For the Session of the August 3rd, 2015 ### 

<div class="small box">

<p> This Log was played entirely using the module "Underneath a Steel
Sky", included at the end of the [Dread RPG][dread] core
rulebook. Obvious Spoilers ahead, so if You have not played it (and
want to) You should probably skip this one for now.</p>

<p>Thanks go, not to me, but to my Players: Rachel and Ethan. Also to
Epidiah.</p>

</div>


#### Part I: The Hemmingway ####

A small group of mercenaries had travelled weeks in FTL aboard their
ship, the ISS Hemmingway, when they came upon a certain star
system... and an ISS _5p4C3-1-1U1K_ floating dead in the
water. Despite __Dhevra__, the Communications Officer, sending
multiple hails to the ship, they received no response... not even the
ship's designation, as was standard protocol.

While __Commander Maclom Sterling__ discussed what they should do
about the ship with his leading officers, __Dhevra__ called back in
with a message from Science Officer (and Doctor) __Johnson__: There
were very high readings of nuclear radition coming from the
ship. __Commander Malcom Sterling__ immediately ended communications
with __"Deb"__, and called for __Johnson__ to come to the bridge.

5 mintutes passed, and __Johnson__ arrived. He explained that there
was a lethal amount of radiation coming from the ship... And knowing
the __Captain__, he knew they were going to try to board it. He
insisted the away crew wear the Hazmat-Protective Suits, of which they
only had 5... and one was in damaged condition. So, he concluded the
boarding party needed to be limited to 4 people, only.

That was when __Alaska A. Lee__, the __Chief Gunnery Officer__,
stepped in.

__Alaska__, headstrong and blunt as usual, made the case that she stay
with her two underlings to guard the ship: She was not about to leave
her charges to guard the ship alone. The __Captain__ argued for a
while, but eventually bent to her wishes- on the condition that she
wear the suit that wasn't 100%.

The team was then put together: __Captain Sterling__, __Doc Johnson__,
Technology Officer __Ronalds__, and the Pilot (And the __Captain's__
right hand) __"Garth"__ (His real name was spelled "Gareth Al Reneer",
and was unpronouncable by humans) would board the ship, leaving
Officer __Dhevra__, Chief __Alaska__, Chef __Macky__, and __Alaska's
Underlings__ to guard the ship.

Now all they needed to do was dock.

__"Garth"__ sent out the standard docking signals, and approached as
normal... Only to find that the _5p4C3-1-1U1K_ was just as
unresponsive to what *should* have been autonomous system
processes. Relying on his years of Merc work as a pilot, he
succesfully eased his way into the docking chamber... Only scratching
the painted exterior of the _Hemmingway_.

Once inside, it was a simple matter to engage the airlock and board
the ship. (Luckily, sensing a ship in the docking bay, the
_5p4C3-1-1U1K_ was still responsive enough to pressurize the area.)
The crew of 4 stepped out of the airlock, and onboard the dark, eerily
silent ship they'd chosen to investigate.

## Part II: Power ##

Everything was covered in an odd grey dust that no one, not even __Doc
Johnson__, could identify. The only thing they could figure out was
that it was highly radioactive, and _everywhere_. __Captain Sterling__
gave a standing order to avoid it as much as possible, and had __Doc
Johnson__ take a sample for testing.

They made it up to the higher level of the docking bay, where there
were five doors. Three had strong, red lights above them. The other
two, in the center and to the left, had blinking green ones. After
some conferring, they decided to try the center door.

It was locked down for some reason. __Ronalds__ took a quick look at
it, using his familiarity with the _ISS Standards_ to try to get it
open. He discovered that the reason it was locked was the same reason
that the lights were low or flickering, and the docking system hadn't
worked: Some kind of failsafe had triggered, and the ship was running
on reserve power.

With the right finegaling, __Captain Sterling__ was able to get it
open. The team proceeded to the Cargo Bay, which was just as dark (and
low-gravity) as the docking bay.

## Part III: Stranded ##

## Part IV: Survivor ##

## Part V: Escape ##


__End of Log__

